Good boy, how dare you run away from me
Do you know how much this Han Lao Tzu will cost?
Sorry, don't read it.
Want me to hit formaldehyde
No door
Entered our boss's place
Still not obedient
Did you eat a rooster leopard gall?
I'm just here to fight
Want me to do it
None of you are dogs enough
You have the guts to fight
Sit down here
Dealing with two students who get their butts and thighs
Liu Wangcai, do you still want face?
Sister Chen, why did you come out?
Sister Chun, this has nothing to do with you
Please give me face.
Don't get involved, then I want to get involved in the calf seduction?
We don't have a rule about not hitting women
Get to know each other and get out of here